refactor(world-module-erc20): change erc20 module table names to pascal case (#3544)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/ninety-beers-behave.md

---
"@latticexyz/world-module-erc20": patch
---

> Changed erc20 module table names to pascal case for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated table names to pascal case for consistency.
```
